---
layout: post
title:  "RFC1421 Excerpt"
date:   2017-07-27 14:22:46 +0800
categories: SSL PEM
---
### RFC1421 Excerpt
1.  Executive Summary

This document defines message encryption and authentication
procedures, in order to provide privacy-enhanced mail (PEM) services
for electronic mail transfer in the Internet.  It is intended to
become one member of a related set of four RFCs.  The procedures
defined in the current document are intended to be compatible with a
wide range of key management approaches, including both symmetric
(secret-key) and asymmetric (public-key) approaches for encryption of
data encrypting keys.  Use of symmetric cryptography for message text
encryption and/or integrity check computation is anticipated. RFC1422 specifies supporting key management mechanisms based on the use
of public-key certificates.  RFC 1423 specifies algorithms, modes,
and associated identifiers relevant to the current RFC and to RFC1422.  RFC 1424 provides details of paper and electronic formats and
procedures for the key management infrastructure being established in
support of these services.



Privacy enhancement services (confidentiality, authentication,
message integrity assurance, and non-repudiation of origin) are
offered through the use of end-to-end cryptography between originator
and recipient processes at or above the User Agent level.  No special
processing requirements are imposed on the Message Transfer System at
endpoints or at intermediate relay sites.  This approach allows
privacy enhancement facilities to be incorporated selectively on a
site-by-site or user-by-user basis without impact on other Internet
entities.  Interoperability among heterogeneous components and mail
transport facilities is supported.

The current specification's scope is confined to PEM processing
procedures for the RFC-822 textual mail environment, and defines the
Content-Domain indicator value "RFC822" to signify this usage.
Follow-on work in integration of PEM capabilities with other
messaging environments (e.g., MIME) is anticipated and will be
addressed in separate and/or successor documents, at which point
additional Content-Domain indicator values will be defined.
